I'll start first
Then you have no chance, haha.
This painting of a bamboo forest from the Tang Dynasty is nice
masterpieces
That's a lot of money.
Oh, dear.
As expected of a good boss
Really discerning
This bamboo forest diagram
It is indeed an heirloom of our Feng family
It's also the most expensive thing in our house
Hahaha, I can see it at a glance.
No difficulty no difficulty
Hahahaha
That's my turn.
To your fart
Didn't you hear my dad?
This picture is the most valuable thing in our house
Now the winner is tied
Who says this is the most valuable thing?
What do you mean?
You know my family better than I do, don't you?
Certainly.
Hahahahaha
Big men can't afford to lose
giggling
In this world
How can someone like you exist?
It's disgusting, it's won or lost
You can go now.
Why can't you hear what Master Huang said?
Get out hahaha you
Do you know what antiques are?
You're the only one who can point fingers at me
Go away
My eyes are the only criterion
Are you crazy?
You little brat is just us crazy
It's not your turn to get addicted to yourself in our house
You get out of here now
Uncle, you do beat people
The most expensive thing in your house is not this painting
but
This Buddha head
He is the true national treasure
Do you mean this Buddha head?
Boy I have to say
You're a bit strict, aren't you?
This Buddha head is indeed an old object
Haha, but compared to this picture of a bamboo forest
The value is far worse